[OSDOCS#17131]: Release Notes CQA for 4.20 (#117190)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notable-technical-changes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/ocp-4-20-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="rn-ocp-release-notable-technical-changes_{context}"]
= Notable technical changes

> [role="_abstract"]
> This section includes several technical changes for {product-title} {product-version}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can review the list of technical changes for {product-title} {product-version} to see if any of the changes affect your clusters or environments.
```
